1)What is Computer Networking?
        i)It is a set of Node used for sharing-data (resourece) by Communication Link.  
       
        ii)here "Node" Represents a device which capable of sharing there data. It simply mean a device which having IPaddress are all the Node
            EG: Phone, computer, server, Router, Switch,server,tower etc.,
      
        iii)"Communication link" it means how the datas are transmitted 
                      it can be done by 2 ways
                           i)wired      -it transfer data through signal  EG: FiberOptic cable
                           ii)wire-less  -it can transerfer data throught wave (in air)  EG: infrared rays ,Radio-wave .


2)Basic Characteristics of Computer Networking?                        
                               i)Fault-tolarance
                               ii)Scalablity
                               iii)QOS  (Quality Of Service)
                               iv)Security
                               
i)Fault-tolarance
           while transfering data if any failure occur in router means .The Network are ability to transfer data thourgh  another way that can possible.
                eg: am senting data to sever. unfortunatly one router get failed to transfer data. so, another router is responsible for process that data.
                
                so, Ability of the Node should work continusely even dispite of any failer occur.
                    it should have the ability to provide service without any loss.
ii)Scalablity
          if i'm having a router initially it connnected by 20 Deveices. after some times that router is conneceted by 100 Device. it should work properly
    like intiallay the 20 were connected in the ways it should work not lowdown. (Grow based on there needs)
         it Should perform well
         
iii)QOS  
        The datas are processed based on the priority .
           eg: there are 2 request 1 is mail 2nd is voice over call (like whatsApp call)
                   it should gives the prority to that voice over call not mail because incase of delay occur in the communication means that not nice
              so, it should know what data should be processed.
              
          It also know to manage data traffic , reduce the data loss and delay.
  
iv)Security
           if any attakers trying to misuse the information means it should have the ability to prevent our data from attackers.
           
           It Should have the ability to prevent 
                  i)Unauthorized access
                  ii)misuse
                  iii)forgery
           It should provide 
                  i)Confidentiality  (to prevent Unauthorized access).
                  ii)Integrity (It should be trusted once)
                  iii)Availabity (like Google drive access any where)
          
          
       
    
                           
                     
        
           
